c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SatoriWeek1.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SatoriWeek1.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\obj\Debug\SatoriWeek1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\obj\Debug\SatoriWeek1.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\obj\Debug\SatoriWeek1.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\obj\Debug\SatoriWeek1.dll
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\obj\Debug\SatoriWeek1.pdb
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\obj\Debug\SatoriWeek1.AnimationPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\obj\Debug\SatoriWeek1.ToDoHomePage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.pdb
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\SatoriWeek1\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
